I would like to implement a new program like apt-cacher-ng, but with some specific
features.  In particular, it needs to focus on robustness, the current apt cacher will
often hang up if there are any network issues, it tends to hang the clients until the
network fetches finish.  Right now, there is a massive DDoS going against the Ubuntu
infrastructure and it is largely unreachable, but apt-cacher-ng is basically useless
in the face of this.  This project focus on ensuring availability as much as possible,
and performance of operations against the cache, not blocking when the upstream cache
refreshes or cleanup jobs are running.  I'm thinking that it will need to account for each
distro that it caches for (26.04, 24.04) and likely architecure, there will be a
"contents" and "release" file that describe the release and the packages within that
release.  I imagine that we would need to periodically check those for freshness and see
if the upstream server has newer versions of those files.  If the files are unchanged,
nothing needs to be refreshed (including these metadata files).

We are going to have to deal with two situations: cached files and uncached files.  If the
file is already in the cache, we can just serve it up directly to the client.  If the file
is uncached, obviously the client will need to wait as data is collected from the upstream
apt repo.   There may be multiple clients all requesting the same file at the same time,
so there will need to be some coordination between the clients and the download job in
that case, though it would be acceptable to just pause the clients until the upstream
download completes, if that is simpler than streaming the download to the clients as part
of the file becomes available.  It would be ideal if a download fails for the download to
be able to pick up where it left off (like using http range requests?).

It would be nice to have it keep track of when packages have last been requested by
clients, and then proactively downloading those packages when new metadata becomes
availble, and only flipping the new metadata into place after those "hot" packages have
been refreshed.  I'm imagining that "hot" will be on the order of a day, maybe it should
be configurable.

We will be given the name of the upstream server (ppa.launchpadcontent.net,
apt.corretto.aws, repo.charm.sh, etc), a path, a distro name, and I believe it's called a
"suite" (like stable, unstable, etc), and a package name.  I may be missing something
there, you should probably do some research on apt-cacher-ng to see if I'm missing
anything.  Those are the things that uniquely get us to a set of metadata about the
packages that make up that particular repo.  Multiple repos may share the same package
(like in the case of architecture-independent packages).

When a package is no longer referenced by any (including active and "in progress of
updating") metadata, the package can be removed from disc.  It would be acceptable, for
simplicity sake, to schedule clean-up jobs when no refresh jobs are running, and block
refreshes when the clean-up is running, if that makes it simpler.  I'll leave that up to
you.

It might make sense to have a sqlite database that tracks repos, distros, packages and
when packages were last downloaded.  It would also be cool to have a HTTP status page that
can show details about the cache and operations going on against it.

For language, I'd typically lean towards Python, but with the potential threading or
multi-processing perhaps go would be a better choice?  Do some research and thinking on
this and present me with options.

Please ask any clarifying questions before beginning work.

Right now, lets focus on a multi-phase project plan for implementing this, with each phase
identifying a feature set, and then additional phases adding new features.  We should
focus on software that has good tests to ensure that the software is reliable.

IMPORTANT: this is a core piece of infrastructure and problems with this cause cascading
problems to all of our machines.
